body fluids depleted
abdominal pain
abnormal heart beat
abnormal heart rhythms
alteration in consciousness
alteration of consciousness
altered consciousness
anorexia
appetite loss
arthralgia
articular pain
asthenia
back pain
bad mood
belly ache
belly cramps
belly pain
bleeding
bleeding gums
blood in pee
blood in urine
blood loss
bloody urine
breathless
bruises
bruising
cephalgia
chest pain
chills
chronic pain
clay colored stools
coffee ground vomit
contusion
convulsion
cough
coughing
cutaneous eruption
decreased body weight
deficient fluid volume 
dehydrated
dehydration
diarrhea
difficulty breathing
discolored urine
doesn't want to eat
don't feel like eating
emesis
excessive sweating
exhausted
extremely tired
fatigue
feel hot
feeling bilious
feeling hot
feeling irritable
feeling queasy
feeling sick
feeling weak
feels hot to touch
finding of nausea
frequency of micturition
frequency urination
frequent urination
fussiness
fussy
gastric pain
gastrointestinal bleeding
general weakness
grouchy
grumpy
gut pain
head ache
headache
heart arrhythmias
heart beating irregularly
hematuria
hemorrhage
hemorrhage- gastrointestinal
hurts
icterus
irregular heart rhythms
irritability
irritable
irritable mood
jaundice
joint ache
joint pain
lack of appetite
lack of energy
lassitude
lethargic
lethargy
loose bm
loose stool
loss of appetite
loss of weight
lymph nodes enlarged
malaise
muscle ache
muscle discomfort
muscle pain
muscle soreness
muscular pain
myalgia
nasal hemorrhage
nausea
nausea and vomiting
nausea symptoms
nauseated
nauseous
neck rigid
neck rigidity
neck stiffness
no appetite
nose bleed
nosebleed
not feeling well
not hungry
observation of nausea
ostealgia
pain
pain in throat
pale skin
pallor
pees often
petechiae
petechial rash
pharyngeal pain
queasy
right upper quadrant pain
ruq pain
seizures
severe blood loss
shortness of breath
sick to stomach
skeletal pain
small red dots on skin
sob
sore throat
stiff neck
stomach ache
stomach hurts
stomach pain
swelling
swelling of lymph node
swollen glands
swollen lymph nodes
throat discomfort
throat pain
throat soreness
throwing up
trots
tumefaction
tumescence
tummy ache
unintentional weight loss
urinary frequency
urinates frequently
urinates often
vomiting
vomiting coffee-ground like material
watery poop
watery stool
weary
weight loss
